c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\TaskAlchemest.dll.config
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\TaskAlchemest.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\TaskAlchemest.pdb
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\obj\Debug\TaskAlchemest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\obj\Debug\TaskAlchemest.dll
c:\users\kdugandzic\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaskAlchemest\TaskAlchemest\obj\Debug\TaskAlchemest.pdb
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\TaskAlchemest.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\TaskAlchemest.pdb
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\obj\Debug\TaskAlchemest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\obj\Debug\TaskAlchemest.dll
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\obj\Debug\TaskAlchemest.pdb
C:\Users\KDugandzic\github\TaskAlchemest-MVC\TaskAlchemest\bin\TaskAlchemest.dll.config
